# ICM - Information & Content Management

Hey there! Glad you came. My name is Nicholas and I'm full stack web developer
focusing on Back-End development. I'm from Ribeirão Preto, São Paulo, Brazil,
South America, Earth... And this is the ICM (Yeah yeah, I
know... i'm not good with cool software names).

This project is my favorite one, mainly because i've grown a big passion for
making information management more easy, no matter if you use computers for 2
days or have a CS degree on your wall.

I'm dedicating my free time between jobs on the development of a web system
that can store all kinds of information and keep it safe. Thats is one of the
reasons that i'm not implementing a GUI. I think this project could be more
flexible and work just like a bunch of services and micro services. The GUI
will be a future project inside this one, where i make some theme standard
and make it available for the ones who wants to use the system.

## Introduction

My intensions with this are very clear. I want to make the information (and
content) management more, as much as possible, easy for humans and with
accordance with the data protection laws.

## Objectives

I see all the time people just trying to understand how to use something on
their phones or computers. Even people from tech having troubles with some
multi purpose system. This doesn't need to be like this.

I'm looking forward to make the interactions with systems like CRMs or CMSs
much more easy.

This project is the phase one. I'm looking forward to make it portable to
others frameworks. Not just PHP frameworks. I've chosen Codeigniter for this
beginning just because it is an easy framework to setup and i'm very familiar
with its features. The version 4 is now more well writen and the use of
namespaces (just like on Laravel) simplifies much of the development.

My goal is to port this system to:

- Laravel
- Lumen

I want to port this system to JavaScript as well, but i can't say wich
technologies i will be using. Express.js and Next.js are some of the good
choices i can think about at this moment.

## First Steps

Comming soon...

## Modules (To be removed soon. The CMS folder will be removed.)

I've implemented a generic interface, using bootstrap, just to test the fluxes
and the CRUD modules.

- User access flux: I've already implemented with:
    - Login
    - Forgot Password
    - Create new Passowrd

- Dashboard: Still a blank page, for now.

- User management: a basic crud. I've also implemented some JS magic here and
there, to practice more and see what i'm capable of doing with JavaScript.

## Footnotes
- I'm that guy that wants rip off jQuery of my life :D

- I'm not a coffee drinker... but when i see a freezing cold Coke. Oh my...

- I love programming, and i want to keep loving it! So be nice with those who
are starting now!

- Sorry about my english. I write everything on my personal projects in english
for the sake of practicing and I want to aim opportunities outside my home
country. I had a good help from Google Translate to double check my writings.